I remember the story of an evil witch
and the princess she cast to sleep for
every side the story became legend
but this is no fairy tale there are many
who pray only innocent I'm sure your
kind would agree if I didn't know better
I'd say we're making a threat well do
you do i what
know better what have you done
[Music]
you're gonna be late right now look good
yes water that came from your thigh gap
no thank you
thanks for calling it again celebrity
chef Sascha Trent and her fiancé Brandon
Choi what a great cause huh you're
opening a new restaurant and I need you
in the San Francisco
[Applause]
Hey hi Marcus yeah hi Sasha
hi hello hi long time yes yes very long
time
was it salsa twist Angela Carone Asian
Oprah how much money do you have now
he's serious I'm surprised you two lost
touch he used to be so close so when's
the big wedding day he wants to travel a
bit before we settle down it's really
for the both of us I finally realized
that I don't want to marry you yeah I
can tell here a little bit okay malaria
and yourself to get you shitty
pizza softer please you are scaring
the goats I guess I have to start dating
again there anything worse you and
Marcus are so cute
remind me why you never got together
there's way too much history there Oh
[Music]
you still have the Corolla what are you
looking at my back seat as we had sex
back there oh my god what do you think
that it might be even smaller and
grosser than I remember
yeah you better still be talking about
my back seat
[Music]
they don't want to wonder what is
tell her how you feel so it's news so do
I thank mines big - okay look that's
that's so great we have the most insane
freaky ass sex I can't even talk about
it otherwise I was talking about
there he is hi baby I missed your thigh
miss you've been scratching I missed
your taste
[Music]
you must really like fishing mr.
president it's cold out here sorry
and anything to get out of DC for a
while Mike I am selecting you for Secret
Service Director congratulations I'll
give it my best shot sir what is that
[Applause]
I'm coming to you you're coming at your
mark get him underwater camp
I got you going under died deep
there's been an assassination attempt on
the president for my banning you're
being charged with the attempted murder
of the President of the United States
don't you see I'm being set up
you have a collect call from Mike
I've been getting death threats somebody
else behind us it wasn't me the
president is not safe then we're trying
to finish the job and I'm not gonna stop
until approval did this
[Music]
how did you find me
I want security for the president how
you think dad I need your help
we ain't gone away
you can't hide from us panic don't worry
about finding me
I'll find you
listen to me we're gonna make a move now
people are gonna fall not you
you
must be an emergency I just want you to
know that I tried it wasn't my fault
then walk
I'm actually kind of a funny story know
me what happened
I'm trying to tell you you ever have one
of those days I'm every one of those
days right now you need someone who
could listen absent nervous you're in
good hands they don't bite
welcome to killers anonymous my name is
Joe Joe I'd like to hear about the last
time you thought about Kings right then
who'd like to go first the sinful
breezed we're all here because we're not
all there the plot thickens
the twisted doctor sometimes you have to
do harm in order to do good I wanted to
watch them die the crazy stepdaughter I
want to talk about heart I've got no
idea where Leo
now feel I'm stuck on a rooftop once
your dodgy Bond villains when you're in
the room
[Applause]
filled with pillars
[Music]
who can you trust it's time obviously
this is just the beginning welcome to
killers anonymous young killers
anonymous as I pointed that gun at my
wife's face I said any last words
Heather and three hours later I shot up
I told you that I want to go to that
festival in Sweden no you said it would
be cool to go yeah and then I got the
opportunity and I decided to do it you
going I just wish he would have told me
that's all
dude she needs a therapist you've been
wanting out of this stupid relationship
for like a year now
and don't forget about all of the
beautiful Swedish women you'll need in
June okay guys that's not her again
seriously babe what's happening Danny
I was so very sorry to hear about what
happened I was doing I invited Danny
they come this week you know what she's
been going Christian says you've got
this special week planned it's sort of a
crazy festival special ceremonies and
dressing up
sounds fun
[Music]
unbelievable welcome and happy midsummer
school what time is it 9:00 p.m. that
can't be right the skies blue this is
what 9:00 p.m. is like here how long
have you two been together just over
three and a half years four years really
yeah what do you think it's like another
world tomorrow's a big day is it scary
what is it it has special properties
[Music]
what am I going through
we just need to acclimate I don't want
to acclimate I want to go
absolutely not what is happening
that's why you look so guilty right now
because you know
we only do this every 90 years
I was most excited for you to come
it comes a time in every man's life okay
just take you know that putting one
right beside it take you to the bathroom
I could show you what the hell happened
in the 1970s let's go back and meet
three rudderless families the Joneses
with a Big Kahuna's on the block the
whole house was a disaster movie in the
making welcome to the Clubman my family
was stuck right in the middle of the
cul-de-sac with a super8 camper I
captured everything in the hope I could
edit together called swinging Safari I
mean what was going through our poor
misguided heads why were they doing that
to each other I just go to school like
normal
[Music]
the pill sweetheart if father and I said
it's time what are we playing poker
everybody else has alcoholic bottle
blonde coffee tastes like it might have
earned yourself a blood tiger
[Music]
roll down a Catholic boarding schools
the price will have they wide with you
[Music]
good afternoon Los Angeles the hot dry
gusts a real hazard the hot dry gust the
hot gun what is going on here
oh hey those were not tears it was like
this intense acid reflux like I ate
something super bad you need to take
some time off you need a rest
hey it's me just want to let you know
that the big old tree is gone that is it
Carlos the last vestiges of us have now
been swept away it is a vicious circle
hello hola
do you paint your face there it is
this muscle in the end it's more than
one day more one day mas que one day got
it yeah just today
[Applause]
it looks great I love it mas tarde my
study yeah oh I guess it doesn't
actually taste good but I'm gonna drink
it anyway because it cost 50 bucks no oh
it's kind of fading I'm crazy bucko
vocal thing I'm not really crazy no
confess I am going through a rough patch
my ex has been gone for six months now
and I have to admit I'm not good at
being alone I never have been
he was good to talk for the longest time
Ernesto and my subconscious had decided
to do wort my own happiness what the
Kindle and we're encoded at such a young
age
hey it's me just wanted to let you know
you don't have to worry about me
I met someone and I'm doing great it's
terrific
your five kids Jess and a wife say
you're supposed to get lucky
now I'm ready to get back to work right
now I'm a doer
you know this go home and rest I can
have you seen this guy
[Music]
anyone ever tell you that you were a
very good listener Ernesto this mosquito
India see more one day so mañana about
Agassi here we go
cute couple
[Music]
because is that clear there yesterday
mom did you remember Oh Charles well of
course I did how does your date with
James there's no strings attached if you
wait too long we shrivel up like some
imported apricot sitting on the Shelf
and waitress hello I hope I'm not
disturbing you too late for that this is
an eviction notice you're living on land
worth millions they really don't want
you here only they got to know me now so
am i different to what you expect us you
seem blond cleaner
we're gonna help me man I thought oh my
your calls at the months now every time
someone threatens your pride you puff up
like an emotional porcupine never stops
does it whole world wants me to change
and now you too
you really want to stay here you have to
fight for it the way I live might seem
different to a lot of people all I care
about is my home in that regard
and no different to any of you just stay
right there what are you gonna do
strongly to death
you're up to something mama what could I
possibly be hiding
[Music]
okay this is my
what you change is very special just
completely transformed the way I look at
life
it's doesn't earn I can point it the
other way if you feel like you're being
watched is a new day
[Music]
I've heard in a long line somewhere over
the rainbow
[Music]
the dreams that you dare to dream really
do come true do you believe your dreams
are imaginary or that they're real real
[Music]
I'm dr. fines
I'm about to go out on the road you know
I could use somebody to give me a hand
taking photos
see this woman
to de-stress
[Music]
I'm gonna tell her now we take our
bedroom
so we need to take my mother
[Music]
where do they go where's who go people
after you change
[Music]
mother's friend
I know you're home
apparently I hope you don't mind I
called the BlackBerry abatement
specialist the blackberry vines are
coming under the wall it's in my raised
vegetable beds my worm bins it stomp
Bernadette Fox no card
[Music]
Bernadette Fox was simply the most
exciting thing in the world of
architecture 20 years ago
I think what happened to my mom is that
she got so focused on her family she
forgot about herself
honey you're getting enough sleep sleep
what's up yeah
so from what you're saying she ran over
a mother at school
Bernadette incoming what do we do punch
men she created an environment which
destroyed a neighbor's home
[Music]
your side just split into my home my
Japanese maples the birdbath is
practically in my living room people
like you must create if you don't you
become a menace to society unexpected
has come up just thinking about it's got
my heart race don't bother
I have concocted a plan burn again
[Music]
you'll never guess what happened she
disappeared
Bernadette jumped out a window
there's one answer to all of your
problems get your ass back to work
[Music]
a huge project has come up it will
require me to go to Antarctica it's
twice the challenge anyone ever imagines
with long stretches without sleep and
exercise sounds like I've been in
training for this for the last 20 years
I have this one shot to launch my second
act so step aside because I am about to
kick the hell out of life world
domination ain't pretty
[Music]
[Applause]
every pet knows it's a dangerous world
you'd be crazy not to worry Becks
you're never gonna believe it we're
going on a trip really
[Music]
maybe a break from the city is just what
you need
this places
I couldn't see them because of the tone
then get rid of the comb by therapist s
I need it it's a radical device
there you're cured hallelujah
[Music]
you're looking for his buddy washboard
abs I need you for a top secret
Oh Bob's beer Fred Skinner dies
because don't be so dramatic but yes
probably the first step of not being
afraid acting like you're not free where
are you going
so are you scared no are you scared no
no I'm not now you're talking
you want to join me
[Music]